- https://docs.repeat.dev/
- K\
- [[Foresight Program]]
-
- I'm a software engineer specializing in the application of the functional programming paradigm to develop large-scale, deterministic systems. Early on in my career, I had the opportunity to receive mentorship from a highly respected engineer. Not only did this have a profound impact on my skillset, but this experience also showed me the impact that a strong mentorship can have on a person such as myself, who will always be striving to strengthen my abilities in an effort to create meaningful impact within the world we live in.
- After spending some years working as a software engineer in the traditional financial sector at Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and Bank of America, I migrated t
- I found my experiences in TradFi after seeing vital systems running atop architecture that was poorly designed  and overall inefficiency, a
- In short, I wish to create a new, open financial system
- These experiences showed me that many of the systems that help power the global ecosystem
- In short, I wish to create a new, open financial system
- In both cases, I found incredibly important systems to be held together with shockingly poor architecture.
- inefficient many of these system were.
- ever-expanding list of issues that arose within these platforms, despite the fact that they were in some case powering the economy. That said, I believe there is significant opportunity to create more efficiency
-
- If given the opportunity to receive mentorship (in some form) from Mark S. Miller, I believe the output of my effort would be increased several orders of magnitude. I am working with the Endo group, which he is a part of. And I have conversed with him a few different times, however, the opportunity to communicate with him on some regular basis would be invaluable.
- If given the opportunity to receive mentorship (in some form) from Mark S. Miller, I believe the output of my effort would be increased several orders of magnitude. I am working with the Endo group, of which he is a part of. And I have conversed with him a few different times, times; however, the opportunity to communicate with him on a regular basis would be invaluable. While there are no other specific individuals that I can call out right now, I do believe that this fellowship would lead me to connecting with new people and crafting strong relationships that I would likely not find anywhere else.
- Seeing as he has created the system that I spend all my time and effort towards working with, I believe that some oversight from him would guarantee that the systems I am crafting
- I've had the opportunity to discuss different topics with him briefly
- In general, many of the connections that I will receive through the Foresight Fellowship
- I created Lari Labs in an effort to assist the ecosystem of decentralized finance with realizing its potential and, in turn, help the industry as a whole gain mainstream adoption. I gravitated towards DeFi after spending some years in TradFi. Specifically, I spent time at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York where my team worked across several platforms, most notably FedWire. I also worked at Bank of America where I worked across a suite of derivatives trading applications, which were used internally throughout the bank. In both cases, I was shocked to see just how poorly these systems had been designed, despite the fact that they were massively important. In short, I'm setting out to aid in the fight for creating a new, open economy that operates more efficiently in every sense. I'm doing this because the current system is broken, and the tools that are needed for a true changing of the guard are readily available.
- Fast forward to present day, I created Lari Labs in an effort to assist the ecosystem of decentralized finance with realizing its potential and in turn, help the industry as a whole gain mainstream adoption.
- To accomplish this goal, we are developing markets in which users are given significantly greater agency over their choices compared to anything seen in the ecosystem thus far. More importantly, we are doing so securely by building atop the Agoric blockchain.
-
-
- ### What do you work on and why
	- I created Lari Labs in an effort to assist the ecosystem of decentralized finance with realizing its potential and in turn, help the industry as a whole gain mainstream adoption.
	-
	- building out incredibly important,
	- within the technology that major banking systems relied on.
	-
	-
	- financial systems