- #capabilities
-
- {{embed ((64ddad1a-e9c2-41c0-b2c5-996284ad4710))}}
- ### task lists
	- TODO apply to cosmoverse speaker
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:15:52]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:15:53] =>  00:00:01
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:06]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:07] =>  00:00:01
	  :END:
		- I would love to provide a short presentation on my experience building atop Agoric. "JavaScript smart contracts" is one way describe what their team is enabling, however, I believe it is a shallow representation of the incredibly extensive tech stack that makes up the Agoric-SDK. I, personally, was unaware of the fact that the development of IBC mirrored the development of CapTP and VatTP, which are two pieces of software that members of the Agoric team developed in the 1990s. Additionally, developers who find themselves building atop agoric will have to battle with learning how to build smart contracting systems without any notion of wallet addresses, and this can seem like quite a daunting task. My goal is to show people that, although this seem difficult, the payoff is tremendous. For concrete examples, I would point to some of the work my team is doing with Lari Finance, which would not be possible had I decided to build elsewhere.
		- while also shining light on the fact that this software has proven itself in production-grade systems for decades.
		-
		-
		-
		- are made possible because of Agoric.
		-
		- My goal is to show them that although it may be difficult, the payoff for building atop Agoric is tremendous. I
		-
		- I believe that discussing my own experience with this
		-
		- he goal of this talk is to inform people of what it looks like to develop smart contracting systems in which there is no notion of wallet address.
		- the object capability model.
		- To best express this to an audience, I would provide the audience with a deeper look into the history of the  team different technologies embedded within the Agoric-SDK
		-
		-
		- Agoric team is empowering developers with to build.
		-
		- I recently founded Lari Finance - a DeFi platform Prior to transitioning into the web3 space full-time, I worked in TradFi as a software engineer. While at the Federal Reserve Bank of NY, my team worked on several projects, most notably FedWire. Following this, I built trading applications used throughout Bank of America's Global Banking and Markets sector. It may come as no surprise to learn that these experiences are what led me to the web3 ecosystem, and in particular, decentralized finance.
		- If given the opportunity, then I would love to give a ~15-minute presentation discussing my experience building atop Agoric. While Agoric is certainly known throughout the Cosmos ecosystem, I've found that people are mostly aware of "JavaScript smart contracts", and are unaware of the fact that the underlying technology powering the Agoric-SDK has been developed over the course of the last few decades.
			- Prior to transitioning into the web3 space full-time, I worked in TradFi as a software engineer. While at the Federal Reserve Bank of NY, my team worked on several projects, most notably FedWire. Following this, I built trading applications used throughout Bank of America's Global Banking and Markets sector. It may come as no surprise to learn that these experiences are what led me to the web3 ecosystem, and in particular, decentralized finance.
			- If given the opportunity, then I would love to give a ~15-minute presentation discussing my experience building atop Agoric. While Agoric is certainly known throughout the Cosmos ecosystem, I've found that people are mostly aware of "JavaScript smart contracts", and are unaware of the fact that the underlying technology powering the Agoric-SDK has been developed over the course of the last few decades.
		- not really deep.
	- TODO finish diagrams
	- TODO LARI facets finalize 
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:20]
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:23]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:24] =>  00:00:01
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:29]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:31] =>  00:00:02
	  :END:
	-
-
-