-
- ## Endo meeting
- ### topics
	- PR merged for kumavis' code
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- logseq.order-list-type:: number
- ### questions
  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- @endo/grain package
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- What is the purpose of this? Can You explain the abstraction over CapTP?
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- How should we look to handle peer discovery?
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
- ### Meeting Notes
	- Android / Gradle issues
	- Opportunity to break down SES into separate layers.
	- Throws an error in any environment where Symbol.speices does not exists.
		- SES be modified that in the absence of Symbols we admit it and move on with our lives.
- ### DCKC
	- Sending an app vs. sending a bundle
	-
	-
	- A single grain translates t o
	-
- ### Kris K
	- Managing pet store values
	-
- ## Questions
	- What is a profile?
		- what kris were calling
-
- ## office hours #[[agoric sdk]]
	- Demonstrate the akash deployment
	- ### Questions
	  
	  1. .....
	-
-
- ## Docs Meeting
	- LATER Learn how to configure akash deployments to work with cosmic-swinget scenario-run-chain-economy
	- LATER Learn how to connect frontend / serve frontend using provider services
	- LATER finalize agreement for akash videos either via bounty, or some other pipeline for $
	- ## What success looks like
		- Human HQ group
	- ## preparation info
	- **But in the docs found when recording video on sdding mee key**
	  Feedback- i know docs are newer
		- Do i need to create a boubt
		  
		  Topics
		- Querying bank balance
		- Sending with the cli
		-
	- #Video-Bounty
		- ## New User Wallet Setup
			- ### initial set up
			- Populated it with default values from docs
			- Acknowledged that it needs modifying
			- Added it to bottom of zshrc file
			- Restarted session and echoed variable
			-
		- ### setting tgrecojs_akash_... key
		- **FAILING RESTART** - values in akashrc are incorrect
		- Update address variable to use provider services cli
		- ### adding key with provider services
		- provide services add $keyname
			- **commented on how it uses "os"
			  
			  Most tutorials use the test backend
			- Setting os inside our rc file has made this the default and as you'll soon see this is pretty useful. **among the info produced via the add command  is the mnemonic associated with this wallet.
			- **you can take this and pop it into keplr, leap, or whatever you wallet of choice is**
			-
		-
		- create a .rc file
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- populate it with default fields
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- logseq.order-list-type:: number