-
- ## Tasks
	- TODO Add the section below to #[[Demo Notes**]]
	- TODO Cooney add to github
	-
	-
	-
	- add Far, Eventual-send info.
	- ### `passStyle`
	- `Far`
		- A factory function for creating `Remotable` objects.
		- > "Far means it's been marked for serialization" - Kris
	- ### eval-twin problem
		- unstoppable when using private fields.
		- An application contains 2 or more dependencies are loading the same package but a different version of its code
		- The issues this causes with security is....
-
- Right now, I have it so the Merkle, the root is in the tree, I, like, are generated using the smart contract or communicating with the smart contract code.
-
- Now, it would just be a method rather than an invitation, and so I have viewed it as sitting between the contract code.
-
-
- with, like, a web socket connection, um, and, uh, following the creation of the tree, it would then send this to the chain where it would be used as terms to a smart contract, and then that smart contract gets instantiated, uh, and it exposes, um, just a verify proof function which uses it to, which, uh, people can check whether or not they're eligible for the airdrop using it, um, since it has that Merkle root, it has the ability to confirm whether or not, uh, it is in, um, the address exists, and so just the other looming areas require, one area is just, should I approach this with a kid? I don't, I definitely don't over-engineer it, uh, so, yeah, looking for guidance there, uh, there's one thing that, as I said before, it's going to be starting, it's going to be instantiating new instances, so it's the same contract, new instances, I also want to verify that that is okay. Okay. And the best route forward.