## [[Merkle Airdrop]]
	- ### Significance of removing “0x” from the ethereum address before hashing
		- In Ethereum, the prefix `0x` is used to specify that the sequence of numbers is in the hexadecimal number system. In the hexadecimal system, numbers are represented using 16 different digits: 0-9 to represent zero to nine, and A-F to represent ten to fifteen.
		- However, when we comes to hashing hexadecimal data, the `0x` prefix is actually irrelevant and need to be removed. This is because the hash function will not understand "hexadecimal-prefix" `0x` and it will interpret the prefix as part of the data, which will result in a completely different hash.
		- Basically, `0x` is a signal that the string should be interpreted as a hexadecimal number, not a part of the actual data to be hashed. Hashing functions like SHA256 hash the raw binary data, so they need the raw binary representation of your hexadecimal number.
		- When you're creating a hash of the address (or any data, really), you want to hash the actual data itself, not how it's represented. Stripping the `0x` from the address removes the notation that it's a hex number and just leaves the relevant data. By removing the `0x`, you ensure that you're hashing the correct data.
		- So in this case, the addresses are in hexadecimal format, hence they start with `0x`. But we don't want to include the `0x` part in our hash so before creating a hash of each address, we remove the `0x` prefix from each address using `address.slice(2)`. The `slice` method returns the part of the address as a new string from index `2` to the end. This is equivalent to removing the `0x` from each address.
-