- [[Draft]]
-
- ## Description
  
  [https://app.clickup.com/t/86b1745gx](https://app.clickup.com/t/86b1745gx)
  
  Over the last few weeks we've discussed in very great detail different aspects of the Airdrop smart contracting system currently in development by my team. At this point in time we need to create a spec or product specification that provides readers with a detailed understanding of the different parts that make up the Airdrop system.
  
  I need to write a specification for this smart contractng system. Here are the different components and work areas that I must include in this spec:
- Deployment of the Airdrop Contract on Agoric’s blockchain.
- Registering the Tribble token as an ERTP asset.
	- Du
- ## Time-based behaviors
  
  This document provides an overview of a smart contract system which can be used to create Airdrop campaigns atop the Agoric blockchain.
  
  The motivation behind the release of this software is the TribbleCoin project and as such, the sections below are meant to inform readers of the intended behavior that will be observed upon the launch of the $Tribble coin.
- ### Overview
  
  Like airdrops that have come before it, the Tribble airdrop of a tier-based approach which the number of tokens a particular user is allocated is directly tied to the tier that they have been placed into. In addition to the use of tiers, the ERTP airdrop campaign system introduces novel mechanisms for token distribution.
- ### Distribution Mechanisms
  
  The mechanisms, which are explained below, have been designed to incentivize users to take action
  
  The mechanisms, which are explained below, have been designed to incentivize eligible users to execute their right to claim  the purpose of incentivizing users to execute their right to claim as quickly as possible number of tokens.
  
  to an allocation of tokens.
  
  Smart Contract i designed to distribute a fixed number of tokens to eligible participants over the course of a pre-determined number of time-intervals, or “epochs”, as they are referred to within the smart contract code. This document
  
  period of time.  with a decay factor that incentivizes early claims. The contract will also include a bonus mint mechanism to reward users who help reach claim targets within defined epochs.
  
  Dear triples, AirDrop employees novel mechanisms for token distribution.
- **Launch of Tribble token**
	- The issuer of the Tribble token as well as its brand will be added to the agoricNames name service, thus marking it a globally recognized asset.
	- The launch of the Tribble coin will
- ### Token Launch
- **Deployment of the Tribble Airdrop**
	- The Airdrop contract will given an official start time, at which claiming will open. Once claiming opens, it will remain open for a predetermined number of "epochs". At the end of the last epoch, any unclaimed tokens will be burnt.
- Create a liquidity pool on Osmosis
	- The final task for phase 1 will be the creation of Osmosis pool where people can acquire the Tribble token.
	  
	  <!-- notionvc: a8070fdc-442d-4ee1-8c63-c6f1d8259149 -->
-