- #capabilities
-
- {{embed ((64ddad1a-e9c2-41c0-b2c5-996284ad4710))}}
- ### task lists
	- TODO apply to cosmoverse speaker
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:15:52]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:15:53] =>  00:00:01
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:06]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:07] =>  00:00:01
	  :END:
		- I would love to provide a short presentation on my experience building atop Agoric. "JavaScript smart contracts" is appealing to many, I believe it is a shallow representation of the very complex, game-changing software that Agoric is enabling developers with the power to build.
		- My goal is not to
		- Prior to transitioning into the web3 space full-time, I worked in TradFi as a software engineer. While at the Federal Reserve Bank of NY, my team worked on several projects, most notably FedWire. Following this, I built trading applications used throughout Bank of America's Global Banking and Markets sector. It may come as no surprise to learn that these experiences are what led me to the web3 ecosystem, and in particular, decentralized finance.
		- If given the opportunity, then I would love to give a ~15-minute presentation discussing my experience building atop Agoric. While Agoric is certainly known throughout the Cosmos ecosystem, I've found that people are mostly aware of "JavaScript smart contracts", and are unaware of the fact that the underlying technology powering the Agoric-SDK has been developed over the course of the last few decades.
			- Prior to transitioning into the web3 space full-time, I worked in TradFi as a software engineer. While at the Federal Reserve Bank of NY, my team worked on several projects, most notably FedWire. Following this, I built trading applications used throughout Bank of America's Global Banking and Markets sector. It may come as no surprise to learn that these experiences are what led me to the web3 ecosystem, and in particular, decentralized finance.
			- If given the opportunity, then I would love to give a ~15-minute presentation discussing my experience building atop Agoric. While Agoric is certainly known throughout the Cosmos ecosystem, I've found that people are mostly aware of "JavaScript smart contracts", and are unaware of the fact that the underlying technology powering the Agoric-SDK has been developed over the course of the last few decades.
		- not really deep.
	- TODO finish diagrams
	- TODO LARI facets finalize 
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:20]
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:23]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:24] =>  00:00:01
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:29]--[2023-08-17 Thu 06:17:31] =>  00:00:02
	  :END:
	-
-
-