- First home computer system story
- As we may think
	- This has influenced everyone!
	- Engelbart read during his 1 year navy stint
	- worked sonar in navy
- At 25, chose software. His path led him there unexpectedly. 
  He wanted to improved the lives of others. That was his focus at the beginning and it remained his focus, resulting in an unimaginable journey of inventions long ahead of their time.
- Wind tunnels and sonar
	- He knew that circuits were getting smaller, cheaper, and more powerful.
	- 1960 he published his work on scaling - 6 years before Moore's paper was published leading tot he advent of Moore's Law
- ## Augmentation Research Lab
-
- Augmenting Reality
	- Letting the computer improve our lives.
- "To augment me not replace me"
- Augmentation Research Lab
- Augmenting human intellect
- He wasn't able to explain the details of the product in a way that resonated with others. He didn't care to.
-
- ## bootstrapping
- imporve your tools, improve your workflow, build better tools, improve workflow (even more),
- changes in the machine came with changes in how people used these tools.
- **hotlinks, mouse pads, keyboards, GUIs, etc. have all changed the ways we think**
-
- ## Writing with rock analogy
- **MISSED THE MARK SO BAD!!!**
- It wasn't about the keyboard. It was about tbe impact that this technology would have on the way we think. Imagine how our vocabulary would have evolved if that were the only way to write?
- SMH
-
- ## Xeroc's Park
- Alan Kay
- Tesla
	- London to NY commmunicate instantanouesly for very low cost
		- Nikola Tesla
- ## We think in links
- NLS has db of links and a db of data
- allowed for connections suited for **how people think**
- today, technology forces ppl to think like a program -> we're much more agile.
- we think in links --> doug's vision still hasn't been implemented yet.
-
-
- # Mother of All Demos
- Need to watch in full.
- included grocery list -> showed how people would use it in every day life.
- Bill English
	- Alan Kay wanted an award.
	- I believe he was venture ?
- Doug wanted crazy features live 5X what was shown.
- Guy froze code 3 months before -> very contetious topic.
- Standing ovation -> unheard of.
- ## APRPA Net
- SRI was the second node on the network.
- Resource sharing system
- Utah had graphics and NY had a data
- Buffer overflow at LOG
-
- Crashed when they were writing "LOGIN" after the "G"
	- Buffer overflow
	- Still plagued the industry for ever
- ## response to apple
- Told Steve Jobs he missed the entire focus
- Missed the more important thing - networking
- It was nothing more than an office with no door or telephoen
-
- Galileo was excommunicated but in the end he was right.
- ## Fall of SRI
- Not a great manager
- Persuading researchers of broader vision
	- Experimenting with the counter culture deeply
	- Small groups of computer augmented intellectual workers so they could be more efficient and more helpful.
-
- Communities are how humanity benefits from technology.
- Researchers wanted to build the products
	- Sell the mouse
- Mansfield Ammendment m
	- Extreme relevance for research ((on APRPA)
	- Doug was too far it.
	- No time or patience to make applications for the military
- Spending time product using it took away from the greater vision
- Like Jobs skipped networking, generally people who commercialized his products were skipping over User friendly projects
	- Getting an inferior products that made it harder to be productive.
	-
- ## being a visionary
- Never wavered from that initial vision
- That hurt him, however
- Left SRI in 1977
- Morher of all demos wasn't his contribution
	- It was a way to get funding
	-
- His vision was to improve humanity
- Cooperation and coordination
- ## how to we move forward
- We have the connections. We need to begin showing peers ways in which they can create their own value.
- This needs to be second nature to them
- It needs to be like writing with a pen.
-
- ## TL;DR
- Doug Englebart had a vision and in that vision,technological empowerment extended far beyond .
-
- It was about improving humanity which
-
- different from what we have now
-
-