- ## Overview
	- An Exo is a Far object protected by an Interface Guard. #card
	- ### Defensive Objects
		- an exo's interface guard is a great first layer of type-like ([pattern](https://github.com/endojs/endo/tree/master/packages/patterns)-based) input validation protecting against many kinds of bad messages. **The programmer's remaining burden to make the exo objects fully defensive thus becomes easier.**
- ## Taxonomy of Exo-making functions
	- ` make*Exo`
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- makes and returns a new fresh Exo instance.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- `define*ExoClass`
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- defines a class-like category of Exo instances, and makes and returns a "make" function that makes new instances of that category.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- `define*ExoClassKit`
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Defines a kit of entangled Exo classes, and makes and returns a "makeKit" function that makes new instances of that kit.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Each instance of the kit is a collection of "facets" that share common encapsulated state
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- #### Summary
		- Exo Objects defend themselves using InterfaceGuards.
		- For Exo classes, InterfaceGuards protect individual methods.
		- For Exo class kits, InterfaceGuards pro
- ## Storage Options - Heap vs. Virtual vs. Durable
	- ### Heap
		- Exo objects default to residing within JavaScript’s Heap.
		- The total number of such Exo objects in a given vat must be able to fit into the JavaScript heap of that vat, and will occupy room in that vat’s snapshot.
	- ### Virtual
		- Virtual Exo objects are written to external storage (outside the JavaScript heap).
		- **Virtual [Exo] objects are ephemeral.**
			- They do not survive upgrade.
			- Their sole purpose is for high Cardinality.
	- ### Durable
		- The durable exo objects created by the functions returned by `defineDurableExoClass` or `defineDurableExoClassKit` are also written to external storage.
		- These can also survive upgrade, and so can be passed in baggage to a successor vat-incarnation
	- #### Summary
		-
	- ### On Cardinality….
		- Cadinality is a measure of the uniqueness of values in the data being stores. Low Cardinality means a few unique values while high Cardinality means many unique values. #card
	-
- > We often call a record of entangled Xs an “XKit”, by analogy to a "toolkit" being a collection of closely related tools - #Endo
-
-
-
-
-
-
- tags:: #[[agoric sdk]], #Endo
-