# Coding
- ## Agoric
	- Airdrop tests
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- > I need help with generating the test cases for this SmartC code. specifically, I am testing the pause functionality so here are the required if a contract is in the prepared state, it can transition into a pause state from there when it transitions back into the prepared state, a timer should be configured to wake up at however many seconds remains remained between the time at which it was when the contract was caused and the time at which the contract was set to transition into an open st is for a contract that is already in the opening state. So his part to put part is more important than the trier requirement as I'm fairly short to work around this. of the senario I just stated continuing on. with a pause invitation is invoked, then the result should be that when the contract is unlaw a new timer is set up and that timer will wake up at a tim stamp determined by wing during the airdrop that the initial pause, which caught. So here's an example. The contract has five different epes, all which stem 24 hours or 86,400 seconds (the number of seconds in a day). if the pause is executed 12 hours into the first epoch then the contract must be aware that 12 hours has elapsed. And so when the pause is removed from the contracts by using the pause invitation second time or a new pause invitation. the expected behavior is that a timer will be set. That will fire off at whatever the current time stamp is of the applause plus 12 hours and then sneero three So the same set up with 24 hour epochs five epochs in total contract pause is invoked. two hours into the third day Well, then I just need att test that when that pause is removed and claiming is reinstated, that the contract successfully configures the timer or a wake up on the timer to be carried out at whatever the current time stamp is when the pause is removed plus 22 hours it's denominating in seconds, then, of course, everything should remain the same with regards to how the epochs transition, when pauses are un invoked, eliminating the ability to interact with these smart contracts that should have no effect on the contract, except for canceling the current wake up as the contracts paused, so we must make sure that it doesn't continue, you know, working towards that wake up that is no longer accurate and instead, it relies upon the new timer or a new wake up, the only wake up which is determined at the time, the pausles removed and is and occurs at a time stamp of However, however much time was remaining in a particular epoch, when pause was invoked plus the current time stamp
		-