### Office Hours
	- ## Auxiliary Data Problem
		- Alice has a presence to Carol.
		- Distinguishing between Prescences.
		- If anyone
		- {{renderer :d2_lang_qmnhh}}
			- ```d2
			  bootstrap object --> rootNode --> agoricNames --> nameHub
			  agoricNames.brand
			  
			  ```
		- ### Example Updating nameHub
			- `boardAux`
		- "Aren't conveying information between party A and party B that party A is supposed to be authoritative from"
		- Carrying the information with a prescence
			- separate transaction is needed for getting the brand's display info.
		- Question
			-
	- ## Endo Meeting
		- ### React-Native Integration
			- Prevent configuration from trying to “repair” node.
		- ### Maintain a list of environments that Endo wishes to be compatible with
			- Google Sheets
			- Hermes
			- React Native
		- ### Graphing property descriptions along with endowments
			- It would introduce no breaking change unless endow object having accessors or mutator on it.
			- ZB
				- Call the `getter` and `setter`
				- Collapse into a value.
				- Implement an object.assign that copied the 3 flags from the original object (`enumerable`, `configurable`)
		- Non-enumerable properties of an endowment object are not transferred upon introduction.
		- Allowing grafting all
			- Getting all own pro descriptions of endowments
			- Checking for getter/setter -> making sure all of them have a “value” property.
				- If no value property, then throws an error with an error code
		- `process.on` existing when `process.env` does not exist.
- ### Gal
	- Spent the week looking at hardening extra properties of the start compartment.
	- When implementing hardening the Function constructor and
	- Compartment is usable with and without lockdown.
		- The build tool in Compartment mapper is running without lockdown.
		- We can not unconditionally harden the evaluators within a Compartment.
		-