- For time frame, I would like to see the mechansim design pretty much ironed out by  mid-next-week? Thats just a few discussions and some decisions.
  In concert with that - we need to land on the aesthetics, seal the narrative, and begin work on the sketching out a landing page and some minor UX.  We need to get a designer and a developer for that. Theoretically, should take two weeks, in reality we should schedule four to six.
- I have no clue how long you devs will take getting the tricky bits in order. 
  I know @zakimanian wants to ride a bit of the Eigen Layer wave, so that would require us being somewhat expeditious.
- I checked to see if there are any significant Star Trek related dates to do a clever little launch day for this — nothing there until August.
- So, all that being said — End June launch?   Likewise, we have the brussels conferences happening start of July. We can launch and do some whisper guerilla marketing around them then.
  
  If i learn nothing else from this experience, its a projects ability to properly assess and meet the proper aesthetics is the single biggest determinant for whether or not it will succeed.
-
- properly assessing the vibe aesthetics the proper successes or failures are directly correlated to whether it properly met the aesthetic is the single biggest determinant of a projects success  the aesthetic successes or failures of a project are directly aesthetics and ensure that vibe checks are conclusively
- aesthetic is the single biggest determinant of a projects success. It's ok to fail, but if you haven't conducted the necessary vibe checks at The phrase measure twice, cut once is derived from vibe  practice of carrying out vibe checks  "check the vibes. if results are inconclusive, conduct additional vibe checks
- vibe checks
- vibe measurements from  publically available  roots in  no circumstances does one move forward with launching a project without
- When assessing a projects successes or failures, you first need to ask yourself - did you and those around you conduct a proper vibe check?
-
- End june launch sounds like a good target. T
-